Translation corrections (#397)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/omot_009_4.txt

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#956f6e>圭一</color>", NULL, "<color=#956f6e>Keiichi</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 1, "ps3/s14/01/210100714", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "家賃だってすぐに払えなくなるし、生活にも困る」",

> 			NULL, " He wouldn't be able to pay his rent soon enough, and he'd have trouble with day to day life.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " Before long he wouldn't be able to pay his rent, and he'd have trouble with day to day life.\"", Line_Normal);
```
